# This is a Safer Space
This document is a set of guidelines to help protect people from structural oppression & discrimination in this space.

Structural oppression often leaves a lot of people feeling unwelcome. It can stop people's voices being heard, and result in decisions being made without input from everyone who wants to be involved.

The guidelines below represent the bare minimum involved in showing respect to others. It is not comprehensive or perfect, but it is a place to start.

### No...
- Transmisogyny, misogyny, racism, ableism, classism, xenophobia, body-shaming, rape apologism, intersexism.
- Islamophobia, antisemetism, or any other kind of discrimination based on religious status or lack therof.
- Co-opting of intersex narratives.
- Outing, intentional misgendering or deadnaming.
- Cultural appropriation.
- Non-consensual touching, verbal harrassment, or harrassment of any kind.

### No hate speech or discrimination toward...
- Trans people, nonbinary people.
- Intersex people.
- People who are gay, lesbian, bi, pan or asexual/aromantic.
- People on the asexual/aromantic spectrum.
- People who are questioning their identities, and people with fluid identities.
- People with neurodiverse/neurodivergent conditions (e.g. autism).
- Sex workers.

---
In discussions relating to the oppressions mentioned above, the voices of those with lived experience should take priority.
Discussion of all of the above is okay, but content warnings are appreciated.

---

### Those who are part of the following groups/organisations are not welcome here:
- Police (Including PCSOs, BTP & MoD Police)
- Border Agency/Home Office
- Armed Forces
- Groups responsible for for assessing whether people receive benefits/welfare/PIP/etc.
- Any group whose primary function deliberately violates the conditions of this policy. (e.g. UKIP, TERF organisations)

---

### On Education
If there is anything here you don't understand, feel free to ask. We will do our best to explain.

We are aware that unlearning habits & unconscious beliefs takes time. However, the safety & comfort of those who experience a specific oppression should always take priority over educating those who don't.

*For example, if...*

- Somebody in a meeting says something ableist.
- A disabled person is upset by what was said.

*It does not become the disabled person's responsibility to educate the other person as to why.*



---

### This is a Living Document
If you feel that anything is missing from this document, or anything could be worded better, feel free to let us know.